= Sphinx Search

Adds ThinkingSphinx [http://ts.freelancing-gods.com/] support to Radiant.

== Usage

You'll need the ThinkingSphinx plugin installed. You'll probably want to use
a recent revision -- versions of TS prior to July 2008 may not be capable of
indexing the complete content of every page.

By default, the first 8kB of any page's concatenated page parts will be 
indexed. You can change this in page_extensions.rb if that's not enough 
space, or if you wish to reduce it in order to keep your indexes lean.

The Page index is defined for you. Pages will be indexed on title and content,
with a field boost applied to title. Attributes are added to the index for 
status_id and updated_at. An additional column is added to the Pages table 
containing a 'searchable' boolean; toggle this on/off from within the page 
edit view to control which pages appear in your search results.

Remember to call Page.search with +:conditions => {:searchable => 1}+ as this
filter is not set by default. Otherwise, searching works as described in the 
Thinking Sphinx documentation.

==============================================================================

Copyright (c) 2008 Digital Pulp, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.